[software]
software = ANTENNACAT
version = INSERT_VERSION

[title]
title = INSERT_PROJECT_TITLE

[properties]
path =  INSERT_PROJECT_PATH
created =  INSERT_DATE_CREATED
last_modified =  INSERT_LAST_MODIFIED

[user]
author = test
author_comments = test

[emsoftware]
default = ansys

[em_software.ANSYS]
exe_path = test

[em_software.ANSYS.nextKey]
exe_path = test
max_num_licenses = test test test
limit_one_license = test
use_as_default = test

[emsoftware.COMSOL]
exe_path = test
max_num_licenses = test
limit_one_license = test
use_as_default = test

[emsoftware.CST]
exe_path = test
max_num_licenses = test
limit_one_license = test
use_as_default = test

[emsoftware.EMPIRE]
exe_path = test
max_num_licenses = test
limit_one_license = test
use_as_default = test

[emsoftware.FEKO]
exe_path = test
max_num_licenses = test
limit_one_license = test
use_as_default = test

[simulation_control]
ex1 = test

[save]
ex2 = test

[project]
ex3 = test

[project.design]
config_created = test
script_created = test
script_path = test
file_name = test

[project.script]
config_created = test
script_path = test
file_name = test

[project.edit]
config_created = test
script_path = test
file_name = test

[project.report]
config_created = test
script_path = test
file_name = test

[project.imported]
project_path =  test
dxf_path = test

[project.calculator]
use_conductor = test
use_imported = test

